Admin API to delete media for a specific user (#10558)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/admin_api/media_admin_api.md

- [Delete local media](#delete-local-media)
  * [Delete a specific local media](#delete-a-specific-local-media)
  * [Delete local media by date or size](#delete-local-media-by-date-or-size)

>   * [Delete media of a user](#delete-media-of-a-user)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [Delete media uploaded by a user](#delete-media-uploaded-by-a-user)
```

* `deleted_media`: an array of strings - List of deleted `media_id`
* `total`: integer - Total number of deleted `media_id`

> ## Delete media of a user
> 
> Details how to delete multiple media of a user can you find in
> [User Admin API](user_admin_api.md#delete-media-of-a-user).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Delete media uploaded by a user

You can find details of how to delete multiple media uploaded by a user in
[User Admin API](user_admin_api.md#delete-media-uploaded-by-a-user).
```
